good in today I bring you
a super application that I know what
for more memory that comes internal now
you always fall short
for example to the fifa in gta san andreas
those games never detect you
the memory did not have good space this
application is called director and bing
highlights what you do note here
I have the fifa
what it does is that the archives of the
folder that appears above figure
how are they in the address below if
well it is not understood but good
they have to be root yes or yes if not
they knew the mister can not do it
let's say at at you entry
and here they will find the address where
is the game that does not fit into the
internal memory because it has no space
for here
stora managers is the core 1 android
or drink in this case and the fixed forward
select and here address where you have
to figure that the default address
where it is worth playing
here
I will be
here what to say and look
that many owes yes to pass
let's not put that the prosecutor 14 look
what will appear
will appear to connect a speed of
download there is no space
the we drew
I hate this when it is guided by gravel
we add it
you have to give the green diskette so that
I recognized it
and see now what
already appears the fifa